- Back, all kinds of
crazy things happening
but in the fear-frightened hysteria
that's going on out there,
we got to look after
our health at all times.
One of the leading experts in the world
in Biomedical Innovation,
aka the PhDs of pros,
Dr. John Jaquish joins us today.
John, thanks for doing this.
- Thanks for having me.
- Really appreciate it.
- Yeah, this is great.
- So you're here, you
got all kinds of weapons,
it looks like exercise gear
which scares me already but--
- Yeah.
- It is exercise gear.
- It's a little bit scarier
(laughs)especially this close.
- Well, it's probably
the most approachable
exercise gear that anybody's ever seen.
But it also works better
than regular weight training.
Because the problem with
regular weight training
and the reason why so many
people don't engage in it
and fail at it, is that we overload joints
and underload muscle.
Any strong people you guys know,
probably complain about joint pain.
The stronger you get, the
more you load the joint.
Where as, I developed a
system which was based
on a medical device I created.
So this is like a 600 plus
pound, like in a deadlift format
band that hooks to this bar
and then has a plate on the ground
so that you can do like a deadlift,
you can throw that around your
back and do a chest press.
But it's the world's
strongest variable resistance.
- Like this?
- Not like that.
- It's like bench pressing
you do with this thing.
- No, you'll tear your coat
doing that though.
- I will?
- [Alison] Oh.
- [John] Yeah, like right
now you'll tear your coat.
- Oh, okay.
- [Alison] Yeah, okay.
- So yeah, it's good to know(laughs).
- Do you want to show me, as an example?
- You know what?
- (laughs)
- None of us are dressed
for it but what what you do
is you double that thing over
- Okay.
- And throw it
through the hooks and
then as you push away,
so when I do a chest press
I'm holding 540 pounds
here, 300 pounds here
and 100 pounds here.
- Okay.
- Which delivers the strongest
amount of variable resistance
to trigger more muscular growth.
So this will really replace weightlifting
as the ultimate hearing.
- Try it out on for size.
- Oh.
- Yeah as the ultimate way
to trigger the human body
for adaptation.
Yeah, it's not like--
- No, this is just a heavy bar
- Yeah, it's aluminum on
the outside and solid steel.
- Are you ready?
- No, no again, that's no--
- No, no?
Okay, no.
- Yeah, let's not do that.
- So, doc I want to ask you this,
I love the weight training.
- Okay, sorry.(laughs)
- I'm even willing to submit,
if you wish, to trying some
with you at some point,
- Yeah.
- See if it has any
effect on me.
- It will.
It'll have a stronger effect,
- We can either fear
so anything can happen.
- In anything.
- But you've had some interesting insights
in our last couple of minutes
here on the Coronavirus.
- Yeah.
- What's really happening now?
What's causing this?
- Well, so of what we know
about the Coronavirus right now,
it is fecal transference.
- [Tabacco] Oh.
- [Alison] Oh.
- So meaning we need to
have poor sanitation.
- [Alison] Right.
To be able to transfer it to other people.
Now that doesn't mean we
know everything about it.
But that also means that
countries with poor sanitation,
the chances of spreading it are greater.
Countries with great sanitation,
like this one for example
and Italy.
- [Alison] Yeah, no we just heard this.
- [John] I'm sure Italy will get
a handle on this very easily.
Now we have other diseases
that transfer like that,
Hepatitis and E. Coli.
- [Alison] Sure.
- You know,
they transfer like that.
So yes, those things do happen
but they're not epidemics.
- Got it.
- Yeah.
- My feeling is that these
things tend to fizzle out,
- Yes.
- After three or four months
and they get under control.
- Yeah.
- And I really appreciate you coming down.
What we got to do is,
we got to set up a day
where we can get you in for more time.
- Yeah, sure.
- And you got to take
me through all the paces
- Sure.
- Of what kind of exercises
I could do with this.
- Sure, really anything but this is going
to revolutionize the
weightlifting industry.
And I think weights are
actually going to go away.
Because what I can demonstrate,
I did this with a medical
device I developed 10 years ago,
to treat Osteoporosis.
It's the strongest effector
of bone density that's ever been created.
And so, if the science
from that went into this
and it really shows that weightlifting
is incredibly inefficient.
Because we need variable resistance
to match our variable capability.
You are much weaker
here than you are here.
And if you watch little
kids do push ups, you know,
they cheat and they do this
for a reason.
- [Tabacco] Yeah.
- It's because they're powerful here,
they're weak here.
- [Tabacco] When
you're closer.
- Right, so why don't we leverage
the body's biomechanical capability
and get a better effect?
- Got it.
- And this is both
for male and female?
- Yeah.
- Because I mean, that
looks like a great process.
Are you stretching--
- You're gonna look
just like me with it.
- Oh, wow okay.
- Wow.
- The hair part, I'm like--
- I'm kidding, I made that up.
You will not look like me.
- Do you know, I actually
was a gymnast growing up--
- Heard from our sponsors and
friends over at Investview.
We're going to come back
with the US trade advisor,
Tom Keel from Kingsbridge Strategies.
Quick break, back at you right after this.
John, thanks.